benchmarks/vldb20_matchmaker/README.md, before:

# Matchmaker Paxos

This directory contains the benchmark plotting code for Matchmaker Paxos. The
benchmarks themselves are in the `matchmakermultipaxos` directory and can be
run from the root `frankenpaxos/` directory like this.

```bash
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_ablation --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_chaos --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_leader_failure --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_leader_reconfiguration --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_lt --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_matchmaker_reconfiguration --help
```

See the `README.md` in the `frankenpaxos/benchmarks/` directory for more
information on running benchmarks.

An example cluster file for Matchmaker Paxos is given in
`matchmakermultipaxos/local_cluster.json`. That file looks like this:

```
{
  "1": {
    "clients": ["localhost"],
    "leaders": ["localhost"],
    "matchmakers": ["localhost"],
    "reconfigurers": ["localhost"],
    "acceptors": ["localhost"],
    "replicas": ["localhost"],
    "driver": ["localhost"]
  },
  "2": {
    "clients": ["localhost"],
    "leaders": ["localhost"],
    "matchmakers": ["localhost"],
    "reconfigurers": ["localhost"],
    "acceptors": ["localhost"],
    "replicas": ["localhost"],
    "driver": ["localhost"]
  }
}
```

The `"1"` and `"2"` here correspond to the value of `f`--the maximum number of
allowable failures. A more realistic cluster file (for `f=1` might look like
this (the IP addresses here are made up):

```
{
  "1": {
    "clients": [
        "1.1.1.1",
        "1.1.1.2",
        "1.1.1.3",
        "1.1.1.4",
        "1.1.1.5",
        "1.1.1.6"
    ],
    "leaders": [
        "1.1.1.7",
        "1.1.1.8",
        "1.1.1.9"
    ],
    "matchmakers": [
        "1.1.1.10",
        "1.1.1.11",
        "1.1.1.12"
    ],
    "reconfigurers": [
        "1.1.1.13",
        "1.1.1.14",
        "1.1.1.15",
        "1.1.1.16"
    ],
    "acceptors": [
        "1.1.1.17",
        "1.1.1.18",
        "1.1.1.19"
    ],
    "replicas": [
        "1.1.1.20",
        "1.1.1.21",
        "1.1.1.22",
        "1.1.1.23"
    ],
    "driver": [
        "1.1.1.24"
    ]
  }
}
```

The exact number of each node that you'll need depends on the benchmark. For
example, in `matchmakermultipaxos/vldb_lt.py`, we see the following:

```
f = 1,
num_client_procs = num_client_procs,
num_warmup_clients_per_proc = num_clients_per_proc,
num_clients_per_proc = num_clients_per_proc,
num_leaders = 2,
num_matchmakers = 3,
num_reconfigurers = 2,
num_acceptors = 3,
num_replicas = 3,
```

This tells us that `f` is 1 and that we'll need 2 leaders, 3 matchmakers, 2
reconfigurers, 3 acceptors, 3 replicas, and 1 driver (there's only ever 1
driver). The number of clients is varied throughout the benchmark. In the same
file, we see the following:

```python
for (num_client_procs, num_clients_per_proc) in [
    (1, 1), (1, 2), (1, 3), (1, 4), (1, 5), (1, 10),
    (1, 25), (1, 50), (1, 75), (1, 100), (2, 100), (3, 100),
    (4, 100), (5, 100),
]
```

The number of client machines varies from 1 to 5, so we'll need 5 client
machines.

If the experiment needs 4 clients, for example, and you only list 2 in the
cluster file, that's ok. The benchmark will run 2 clients on each machine.
Generally, if you have fewer machines than are required, things will still
work, though the throughput might be impacted by co-locating nodes together.

Commit message:

Updated plotting instructions for Matchmaker Paxos

benchmarks/vldb20_matchmaker/README.md, after:

# Matchmaker Paxos

## Running Benchmarks
This directory contains the benchmark plotting code for Matchmaker Paxos. The
benchmarks themselves are in the `matchmakermultipaxos` directory and can be
run from the root `frankenpaxos/` directory like this. There are also some
benchmarks in `horizontal` that work the same way.

```bash
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_ablation --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_chaos --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_leader_failure --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_leader_reconfiguration --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_lt --help
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_matchmaker_reconfiguration --help
```

See the `README.md` in the `frankenpaxos/benchmarks/` directory for more
information on running benchmarks.

An example cluster file for Matchmaker Paxos is given in
`matchmakermultipaxos/local_cluster.json`. That file looks like this:

```
{
  "1": {
    "clients": ["localhost"],
    "leaders": ["localhost"],
    "matchmakers": ["localhost"],
    "reconfigurers": ["localhost"],
    "acceptors": ["localhost"],
    "replicas": ["localhost"],
    "driver": ["localhost"]
  },
  "2": {
    "clients": ["localhost"],
    "leaders": ["localhost"],
    "matchmakers": ["localhost"],
    "reconfigurers": ["localhost"],
    "acceptors": ["localhost"],
    "replicas": ["localhost"],
    "driver": ["localhost"]
  }
}
```

The `"1"` and `"2"` here correspond to the value of `f`--the maximum number of
allowable failures. A more realistic cluster file (for `f=1` might look like
this (the IP addresses here are made up):

```
{
  "1": {
    "clients": [
        "1.1.1.1",
        "1.1.1.2",
        "1.1.1.3",
        "1.1.1.4",
        "1.1.1.5",
        "1.1.1.6"
    ],
    "leaders": [
        "1.1.1.7",
        "1.1.1.8",
        "1.1.1.9"
    ],
    "matchmakers": [
        "1.1.1.10",
        "1.1.1.11",
        "1.1.1.12"
    ],
    "reconfigurers": [
        "1.1.1.13",
        "1.1.1.14",
        "1.1.1.15",
        "1.1.1.16"
    ],
    "acceptors": [
        "1.1.1.17",
        "1.1.1.18",
        "1.1.1.19"
    ],
    "replicas": [
        "1.1.1.20",
        "1.1.1.21",
        "1.1.1.22",
        "1.1.1.23"
    ],
    "driver": [
        "1.1.1.24"
    ]
  }
}
```

The exact number of each node that you'll need depends on the benchmark. For
example, in `matchmakermultipaxos/vldb_lt.py`, we see the following:

```
f = 1,
num_client_procs = num_client_procs,
num_warmup_clients_per_proc = num_clients_per_proc,
num_clients_per_proc = num_clients_per_proc,
num_leaders = 2,
num_matchmakers = 3,
num_reconfigurers = 2,
num_acceptors = 3,
num_replicas = 3,
```

This tells us that `f` is 1 and that we'll need 2 leaders, 3 matchmakers, 2
reconfigurers, 3 acceptors, 3 replicas, and 1 driver (there's only ever 1
driver). The number of clients is varied throughout the benchmark. In the same
file, we see the following:

```python
for (num_client_procs, num_clients_per_proc) in [
    (1, 1), (1, 2), (1, 3), (1, 4), (1, 5), (1, 10),
    (1, 25), (1, 50), (1, 75), (1, 100), (2, 100), (3, 100),
    (4, 100), (5, 100),
]
```

The number of client machines varies from 1 to 5, so we'll need 5 client
machines.

If the experiment needs 4 clients, for example, and you only list 2 in the
cluster file, that's ok. The benchmark will run 2 clients on each machine.
Generally, if you have fewer machines than are required, things will still
work, though the throughput might be impacted by co-locating nodes together.

To run the benchmarks in our PaPoC submission, run a command like the
following:

```
cp jvm/target/scala-2.12/frankenpaxos-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar /mnt/efs/tmp/ && \
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_leader_reconfiguration -j /mnt/efs/tmp/frankenpaxos-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar -s /mnt/efs/tmp/ -m -l info -i <your pem file> --cluster <your cluster file> && \
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_leader_failure -j /mnt/efs/tmp/frankenpaxos-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar -s /mnt/efs/tmp/ -m -l info -i <your pem file> --cluster <your cluster file> && \
python -m benchmarks.matchmakermultipaxos.vldb_matchmaker_reconfiguration -j /mnt/efs/tmp/frankenpaxos-assembly-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar -s /mnt/efs/tmp/ -m -l info -i <your pem file> --cluster <your cluster file>
```

## Plotting Benchmarks
Let's look at the `leader_reconfiguration` benchmark. After we run this
benchmark, we'll have a suite directory with a bunch of benchmark directories.
Let's go into `001/`. There will be a file `data.csv.gz` that contains data
(e.g., throughput and latency) about the execution of the benchmark. Copy these
data files into the `leader_reconfiguration` subdirectory, naming them
according to their value of `f` and the number of clients `n`. `001/` has 1
client and has `f=1`, so we copy it to `f1n1.csv.gz`. Then, we can run
`plot.sh` from the root `frankenpaxos` directory.

But note that the plotting scripts have hard coded times they use to draw
vertical lines (see
[here](https://github.com/mwhittaker/frankenpaxos/blob/master/benchmarks/vldb20_matchmaker/leader_reconfiguration/plot.py#L148-L153)).
If you change the data, you'll have to change these times, or comment them out.
You can find the correct times in `driver_out.txt` in `001/`.
